docs(`terraform_docs`): Clarify requrement of `--args=--config=` (#711)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

        - --hook-config=--use-standard-markers=true     # Boolean. Defaults to true (v1.93+), false (<v1.93). Set to true for compatibility with terraform-docs
    ```

> 4. If you'd like to use `terraform-docs` config, you must to specify to hook it relative to git repo root path:

Author: ```suggestion
4. If you'd like to use `terraform-docs` config, you must to provide it relative to git repo root path to hook:
```

> 4. If you'd like to use `terraform-docs` config, you must to provide it relative to git repo root path to hook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you'd like to use `terraform-docs` config file, you have to provide path to it, that is relative to git repo root path:
```

Reviewer 2: Suggested wording:
> If you want to use a `terraform-docs` config file, you must supply the path to the file, relative to the git repo root path:

Reviewer: @robinbowes Thanks. I adjusted my commit suggestion above.

Author: btw @robinbowes, I don't know can you use such feature in this repo, but if so, would be nice if you'll use suggestion block as George above - that drastically simplify apply of suggestions. Thank you
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fcf03b56-7d01-41e2-b2e8-3da5b30c0eaf)

    > **Warning**  
    > Avoid use `recursive.enabled: true` in config file, that can cause unexpected behavior.

> 5. You can provide [any configuration available in `terraform-docs`](https://terraform-docs.io/user-guide/configuration/) as an argument to `terraform_docs` hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You can provide [any configuration available in `terraform-docs`](https://terraform-docs.io/user-guide/configuration/) as an argument to `terraform_docs` hook:
```
